>> Speaker 1: What would you do to
manage database content updates
that might break the code or
break the test?
>> Brian Holt: Well, your test should
never be reading directly from
the database.
That's a big code smell right there
that if you're testing that integration,
that's too much,
that's too much death to your test.
So with Redux,
what you're gonna do is you're going to
grab what a database response looks like.
And then you're going to pass that in as
the action, and then you'll test that.
And then you're probably gonna wanna have
some sort of integration test that tests
your whole app top to bottom, right.
Maybe that's Selenium,
maybe that's I don't know something else.
And you should also have server side
tests that would catch regressions in
terms of like the shape of your
API responses on the server side.
So yeah, there should be several layers
of testing that should catch that,
so that's not necessary to test here.
I think that's the answer to that,
or at least that's what I would do.